>> Mike North: And with that let's
talk about the agenda for today.
So this is like a rough outline
of a web application system.
And we're going to stage a bunch
of attacks on the client.
So we're gonna deal with
cross-site scripting.
We're going to talk about
third-party assets.
Does anyone here break in
like NPM dependencies,
anything in your node
modules folder at all?
We'll talk about CSRF which is
cross-site request forgery.
These are attacks that take advantage of
the fact that when we send a request to
another origin,
we pass cookies along the way by default.
And if you use HTTP basic authentication,
which, hopefully,
nobody in the room does, those credentials
are sent along the way as well.
The last attack we'll deal with
on the client is click jacking.
This category of attacks is called a UI
redress attack where users think they're
interacting with one application, but
in fact they're interacting with another.
Moving away from the client
we'll talk about CDNs.
So if you bring in libraries via a CDN,
and I'm not implying that I know
of any that are untrustworthy.
But things like unpackage, or CDNJS.
These are controlled by people.
They're like a small group of people
you're trusting to never change the files
that are on there.
Never allow malicious code to be in there.
And they can have the best intentions,
but maybe they use their deploy key for
that CDN and for something else.
And maybe there's a breach
with that something else.
And so we'll talk about,
how do we make sure that we are, for
code that is hosted in a place we
don't directly have control over.
How can we have assurance
that some subtle change
can be made to that code
without our knowledge?
How can we be assured that when
that code changes we are alerted?
Finally, we will talk about
the connection between client and server.
We will look at an HTTPS downgrade attack.
And man in the middle attacks in general,
where basically
an attacker positions
themselves between a target and
someone the target thinks
they're communicating with.
And they're trying to tamper with or
eavesdrop on traffic that is
going along that channel.
So, that is seven attacks and
I think we have 10 exercises today.
Because, some of them,
we end up not just defending against, but
trying to stage the attacks ourselves.